4.	What do you observe in the list of suggestion? Are there any patterns?
Using Google
I got some search suggestions based on popularity and similarity about the searched topic “Introduction to text…”. It showed me the range of information on the web about the target topic which started from most relevant and ended with the least relevant. I definitely figured out a pattern which was:
Structure -> Mining -> Analytics 
Which means first the structure of the text is formed then it’s mined, lastly analysis is performed on the mined data.
Using duckduckgo
There wasn’t any specific search pattern by searching “Introduction to text…” in duckduckgo.com. All the suggested content was random, ranging from textile industry to test instrument which weren’t giving much sense in our scenario.
Using Bing.com
Bing search engine on the other hand was resembling much to google suggestion list. Though I found a sequence which was almost like of Google but it wasn’t as efficient as Google’s one.
5.	Which search engine's list of suggestion is better and why?
Under the umbrella of above analysis and experiment, Google’s list of suggestion is much more preferable because:
1.	The list was relevant to the searched phrase
2.	Suggestion list was recommended with specific pattern which was giving more sense
3.	It showed multiple suggestion which could have been helpful
8.	Observe the list of search results for "introduction to text analysis" on 3 search engines, google, duckduckgo and Bing
9.	Do all search engines return the same result?
No, Google once again topped the list because it suggested multiple relevant searches compare to Bing and duckduckgo (Both suggested two searches unluckily).
10.	Which site is listed in the top 5 results of all 3 search engines?
“Introduction to text analysis” is listed on the top in all 3 search engines.
Google uses a trademarked algorithm called PageRank, which assigns each Web page a relevancy score. ... Google places more value on pages with an established history.
11.	Do you think that the order of the websites in the search results is important?
Definitely, because the order normally determines relevancy by page popularity which suggested quality sites with good information on top that draws more visitors.
12.	Try to find which mechanism / formula / algorithm(s) are being used to order the results.
Search engine optimization (SEO) has been playing a wide role in ordering the result lists. SEO is the process of optimizing online content so that a search engine likes to show it as a top result for searches of a certain keyword. When it comes to SEO there is always the search engine and the searcher. Beside SEO, Google’s trademark algorithm called PageRank is also used which assigns each web page a relevancy score.







